guess who's back piece you too who is
sugar back with another outfit of the
day video be bad because I was missing
on you guys so I decided to turn my
camera on because I was on my way to the
dead test you like but who goes to
the dentist looking like that and stuff
and what you should have had on is like
some jogger pants and like a t-shirt
situation and this whole scarf situation
popping off okay well maybe not the
scarf or two scars on your head but you
don't have to get all cute ified to go
to the dentist and stuff okay listen
y'all y'all know me in real life you
know I'm gonna be cute just walking
around the house if I need to write so
yeah anyway so the outfit that I'm
rockin out today was really thrown
together but I was feeling so incredibly
cute I said let me turn on my camera
machine and do this here video for you
guys because I do miss you guys so the
top that I am rocking out is actually an
old thrifted dress that I cut the bottom
of it and I make like a little peplum
situation happening right real cute and
it looks really cute with shorts the
belt that I am rocking out actually goes
to another thrifted dress and I was
really surprised by how kind of matchy
matchy it is and stuff right so speaking
of that I say dress I meant skirt so the
skirt is from antonio melani absolutely
love love love that line I love the
length of this dress and it's also high
waisted so it is like super duper cute
the bracelets came from some flea market
situation in New York many many moons
ago these clip-on earrings came from the
thrift store and may hurt because they
pitched my ears and stuff so at least
they work right in my shoes I love my
shoes and and I look at my shoes and and
look at my shoes these are pair vans you
guys saw these probably many moons ago
they were like eleven dollars or so I
was gonna wear these bcbg peep-toe
platform pumps that I was like no ma'am
you're like but she like what's
happening with your hair and stuff okay
listen I had shampoo my hair the other
day put my hair twist took the twist
down re twisted it which allows my hair
to stretch and then I put in this little
side bun situation I just pop it off on
the side honey
you cannot tell my hair was not cute
it's a nice protective hairstyle and
it's SuperDuper easy to do so this is
what you guys are gonna see next week
Lord willing follow me on instagram you
saw these photographs already and that
is it for the outfit of the day and this
is only take number one so yay for me Oh
quick shout-out to Asia she was at the
dentist office today and Little Miss Ava
that is far in 78 daughter she's always
singing my outfit of the day song and
firm posted it on what is that video
thanks situation on the on my cell phone
was it cake which I have been up there
to out anyways I am rambling as always
thank you so much for watching and
supporting if you have not done so
subscribe to my channel I know I have
been really inconsistent but if you
follow me on instagram and tumblr and
twitter you guys already know that i am
in the throes of renovating my kitchen
and doing other little stuff around here
so that's why i have been gone alright
guys i am gone cuz i'm bout to get back
up in there and bus up this floor and i
will see you all next week God willing
be blessed thanks so much for supporting
peace